specs/md/index.md, before:

# MARC-to-Linked Art mapping

-   [Entity extraction](concepts/entity_extraction.md)
    -   [LUX top-level entities](concepts/lux_top-level_entities.md)
        -   [Record-level entities](concepts/record_level_entities.md)
            -   [LUX supertype taxonomy](concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md)
                -   [Collection formats](concepts/supertypes/collectionformats.md)
                    -   [Archival and Manuscript Materials](concepts/supertypes/archivalandmanuscriptmaterials.md)
                    -   [Kits](concepts/supertypes/kits.md)
                -   [AudioFormats](concepts/supertypes/audioformats.md)
                    -   [Music](concepts/supertypes/music.md)
                    -   [Sound](concepts/supertypes/sound.md)
                -   [CartographicFormats](concepts/supertypes/cartographicformats.md)
                    -   [Atlases](concepts/supertypes/atlases.md)
                    -   [Geospatial Data](concepts/supertypes/geospatialdata.md)
                    -   [Globes](concepts/supertypes/globes.md)
                    -   [Maps](concepts/supertypes/maps.md)
                -   [DataFormats](concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)
                    -   [DataAndFiles](concepts/supertypes/dataandfiles.md)
                        -   [Geospatial Data](concepts/supertypes/geospatialdata.md)
                        -   [Image Data](concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)
                        -   [Textual Data](concepts/supertypes/textualdata.md)
                -   [ImageFormats](concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md)
                    -   [Collages](concepts/supertypes/collages.md)
                    -   [Image Data](concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)
                    -   [Drawings](concepts/supertypes/drawings.md)
                    -   [Maps](concepts/supertypes/maps.md)
                    -   [Paintings](concepts/supertypes/paintings.md)
                    -   [Photographs](concepts/supertypes/photographs.md)
                    -   [Pictures](concepts/supertypes/pictures.md)
                    -   [Posters](concepts/supertypes/posters.md)
                    -   [Prints](concepts/supertypes/prints.md)
                    -   [Slides](concepts/supertypes/slides.md)
                -   [MovingImageFormats](concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)
                    -   [Film](concepts/supertypes/film.md)
                    -   [Video](concepts/supertypes/video.md)
                -   [NotationFormats](concepts/supertypes/notationformats.md)
                    -   [NotatedMovement](concepts/supertypes/notatedmovement.md)
                    -   [NotatedMusic](concepts/supertypes/notatedmusic.md)
                -   [ObjectFormats](concepts/supertypes/objectformats.md)
                    -   [Globes](concepts/supertypes/globes.md)
                    -   [Models](concepts/supertypes/models.md)
                    -   [Realia](concepts/supertypes/realia.md)
                    -   [Toys and Games](concepts/supertypes/toysandgames.md)
                -   [SoftwareFormats](concepts/supertypes/softwareformats.md)
                    -   [SoftwareApplications](concepts/supertypes/softwareapplications.md)
                    -   [Databases](concepts/supertypes/databases.md)
                -   [TextualFormats](concepts/supertypes/textualformats.md)
                    -   [Books](concepts/supertypes/books.md)
                        -   [Atlases](concepts/supertypes/atlases.md)
                    -   [Broadsides](concepts/supertypes/broadsides.md)
                    -   [DissertationsAndTheses](concepts/supertypes/dissertationsandtheses.md)
                    -   [JournalsAndPeriodicals](concepts/supertypes/journalsandperiodicals.md)
                        -   [Newspapers](concepts/supertypes/newspapers.md)
                    -   [Textual Data](concepts/supertypes/textualdata.md)
        -   [Related entities](tasks/related_entities.md)
            -   [Concepts](concepts/concepts.md)
                -   [Subject headings](tasks/concepts/subject_headings.md)
                -   [Classification numbers](tasks/concepts/classification_numbers.md)
            -   [Events](concepts/events.md)
                -   [Chronological facets](tasks/events/chronological_facets.md)
            -   [Groups](concepts/groups.md)
            -   [People](concepts/people.md)
            -   [Places](concepts/places.md)
            -   [Provenance Activities](concepts/provenance_activities.md)
            -   [Digital Objects](concepts/related_digital_objects.md)
            -   [Sets](concepts/related_sets.md)
-   [Descriptive content](concepts/descriptive_content.md)
    -   [Identifiers](concepts/identifiers.md)
        -   [Orbis BIB ID](tasks/identifiers/orbis_bib_id.md)
        -   [Library of Congress Control Number \(LCCN\)](tasks/identifiers/library_of_congress_control_number_lccn.md)
        -   [International Standard Book Number \(ISBN\)](tasks/identifiers/international_standard_book_number_isbn.md)
        -   [International Standard Serial Number \(ISSN\)](tasks/identifiers/international_standard_serial_number_issn.md)
        -   [Publisher or Distributor Number](tasks/identifiers/publisher_or_distributor_number.md)
        -   [System Control Numbers \(OCLC Numbers\)](tasks/identifiers/oclc_numbers.md)
-   [MARC to Linked Art glossary](glossary/marc_to_linked_art_glossary.md)
    -   [Entification](glossary/entification.md)
    -   [Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records \(FRBR\)](glossary/frbr.md)

Commit message:

Add Group mappings. Fix source data specs.

specs/md/index.md, after:

# MARC-to-Linked Art mapping

-   [Entity extraction](concepts/entity_extraction.md)
    -   [LUX top-level entities](concepts/lux_top-level_entities.md)
        -   [Record-level entities](concepts/record_level_entities.md)
            -   [LUX supertype taxonomy](concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md)
                -   [Collection formats](concepts/supertypes/collectionformats.md)
                    -   [Archival and Manuscript Materials](concepts/supertypes/archivalandmanuscriptmaterials.md)
                    -   [Kits](concepts/supertypes/kits.md)
                -   [AudioFormats](concepts/supertypes/audioformats.md)
                    -   [Music](concepts/supertypes/music.md)
                    -   [Sound](concepts/supertypes/sound.md)
                -   [CartographicFormats](concepts/supertypes/cartographicformats.md)
                    -   [Atlases](concepts/supertypes/atlases.md)
                    -   [Geospatial Data](concepts/supertypes/geospatialdata.md)
                    -   [Globes](concepts/supertypes/globes.md)
                    -   [Maps](concepts/supertypes/maps.md)
                -   [DataFormats](concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)
                    -   [DataAndFiles](concepts/supertypes/dataandfiles.md)
                        -   [Geospatial Data](concepts/supertypes/geospatialdata.md)
                        -   [Image Data](concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)
                        -   [Textual Data](concepts/supertypes/textualdata.md)
                -   [ImageFormats](concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md)
                    -   [Collages](concepts/supertypes/collages.md)
                    -   [Image Data](concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)
                    -   [Drawings](concepts/supertypes/drawings.md)
                    -   [Maps](concepts/supertypes/maps.md)
                    -   [Paintings](concepts/supertypes/paintings.md)
                    -   [Photographs](concepts/supertypes/photographs.md)
                    -   [Pictures](concepts/supertypes/pictures.md)
                    -   [Posters](concepts/supertypes/posters.md)
                    -   [Prints](concepts/supertypes/prints.md)
                    -   [Slides](concepts/supertypes/slides.md)
                -   [MovingImageFormats](concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)
                    -   [Film](concepts/supertypes/film.md)
                    -   [Video](concepts/supertypes/video.md)
                -   [NotationFormats](concepts/supertypes/notationformats.md)
                    -   [NotatedMovement](concepts/supertypes/notatedmovement.md)
                    -   [NotatedMusic](concepts/supertypes/notatedmusic.md)
                -   [ObjectFormats](concepts/supertypes/objectformats.md)
                    -   [Globes](concepts/supertypes/globes.md)
                    -   [Models](concepts/supertypes/models.md)
                    -   [Realia](concepts/supertypes/realia.md)
                    -   [Toys and Games](concepts/supertypes/toysandgames.md)
                -   [SoftwareFormats](concepts/supertypes/softwareformats.md)
                    -   [SoftwareApplications](concepts/supertypes/softwareapplications.md)
                    -   [Databases](concepts/supertypes/databases.md)
                -   [TextualFormats](concepts/supertypes/textualformats.md)
                    -   [Books](concepts/supertypes/books.md)
                        -   [Atlases](concepts/supertypes/atlases.md)
                    -   [Broadsides](concepts/supertypes/broadsides.md)
                    -   [DissertationsAndTheses](concepts/supertypes/dissertationsandtheses.md)
                    -   [JournalsAndPeriodicals](concepts/supertypes/journalsandperiodicals.md)
                        -   [Newspapers](concepts/supertypes/newspapers.md)
                    -   [Textual Data](concepts/supertypes/textualdata.md)
            -   [Name-title entries](concepts/name_title_entries.md)
                -   [People with works](tasks/name-title/people_with_works.md)
                -   [Groups with works](tasks/name-title/groups_with_works.md)
            -   [Title entries](concepts/title_entries.md)
                -   [Standalone works](concepts/standalone_works.md)
        -   [Related entities](tasks/related_entities.md)
            -   [Concepts](concepts/concepts.md)
                -   [Subject headings](tasks/concepts/subject_headings.md)
                -   [Classification numbers](tasks/concepts/classification_numbers.md)
            -   [Events](concepts/events.md)
                -   [Chronological facets](tasks/events/chronological_facets.md)
            -   [Groups](concepts/groups.md)
                -   [Top-level group entities](concepts/top_level_group_entities.md)
                    -   [Groups as agents](concepts/groups_as_agents.md)
                    -   [Groups as subjects](concepts/groups_as_subjects.md)
            -   [People](concepts/people.md)
            -   [Places](concepts/places.md)
            -   [Provenance Activities](concepts/provenance_activities.md)
            -   [Digital Objects](concepts/related_digital_objects.md)
            -   [Sets](concepts/related_sets.md)
-   [Descriptive content](concepts/descriptive_content.md)
    -   [Identifiers](concepts/identifiers.md)
        -   [Orbis BIB ID](tasks/identifiers/orbis_bib_id.md)
        -   [Library of Congress Control Number \(LCCN\)](tasks/identifiers/library_of_congress_control_number_lccn.md)
        -   [International Standard Book Number \(ISBN\)](tasks/identifiers/international_standard_book_number_isbn.md)
        -   [International Standard Serial Number \(ISSN\)](tasks/identifiers/international_standard_serial_number_issn.md)
        -   [Publisher or Distributor Number](tasks/identifiers/publisher_or_distributor_number.md)
        -   [System Control Numbers \(OCLC Numbers\)](tasks/identifiers/oclc_numbers.md)
-   [MARC to Linked Art glossary](glossary/marc_to_linked_art_glossary.md)
    -   [Entification](glossary/entification.md)
    -   [Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records \(FRBR\)](glossary/frbr.md)
