specs/md/concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md, before:

---
author: [tt434, timothy.thompson@yale.edu, timothy.thompson@yale.edu]
publisher: YUL Technical Services, Resource Discovery Services, Metadata Services Unit
category: Entity extraction
---

# ImageFormats

-   **[Collages](../../concepts/supertypes/collages.md)**  

-   **[Image Data](../../concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)**  

-   **[Drawings](../../concepts/supertypes/drawings.md)**  

-   **[Maps](../../concepts/supertypes/maps.md)**  

-   **[Paintings](../../concepts/supertypes/paintings.md)**  

-   **[Photographs](../../concepts/supertypes/photographs.md)**  

-   **[Pictures](../../concepts/supertypes/pictures.md)**  

-   **[Posters](../../concepts/supertypes/posters.md)**  

-   **[Prints](../../concepts/supertypes/prints.md)**  

-   **[Slides](../../concepts/supertypes/slides.md)**  


**Parent topic:**[LUX supertype taxonomy](../../concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md)

**Previous topic:**[DataFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)

**Next topic:**[MovingImageFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)

Commit message:

Add content/carrier spec; finish supertypes.

specs/md/concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md, after:

---
author: [tt434, timothy.thompson@yale.edu, timothy.thompson@yale.edu, tt434]
publisher: YUL Technical Services, Resource Discovery Services, Metadata Services Unit
category: Entity extraction
---

# Visual Works

-   **[Collages](../../concepts/supertypes/collages.md)**  
Works in two dimensions or very low relief that were made by gluing paper, fabrics, photographs, or other materials onto a flat surface.
-   **[Image Data](../../concepts/supertypes/imagedata.md)**  

-   **[Drawings](../../concepts/supertypes/drawings.md)**  
Visual works produced by drawing, typically by the application of lines on a surface, often paper, by using a pencil, pen, chalk, or some other tracing instrument to focus on the delineation of form rather than the application of color.
-   **[Maps](../../concepts/supertypes/maps.md)**  
Refers to graphic or photogrammetric representations of the Earth's surface or a part of it, including physical features and political boundaries, where each point corresponds to a geographical or celestial position according to a definite scale or projection. The term may also refer to similar depictions of other planets, suns, other heavenly bodies, or areas of the heavens. Maps are typically depicted on a flat medium, such as on paper, a wall, or a computer screen.
-   **[Paintings](../../concepts/supertypes/paintings.md)**  
Unique works in which images are formed primarily by the direct application of pigments suspended in oil, water, egg yolk, molten wax, or other liquid, arranged in masses of color, onto a generally two-dimensional surface.
-   **[Photographs](../../concepts/supertypes/photographs.md)**  
Refers to still images produced from radiation-sensitive materials generally by means of the chemical action of light on a sensitive film, paper, glass, or metal.
-   **[Pictures](../../concepts/supertypes/pictures.md)**  
Catch-all category for resources that contain some kind of pictorial content, but a more specific kind cannot be determined from the mapping.
-   **[Posters](../../concepts/supertypes/posters.md)**  
Notices, usually decorative or pictorial, intended to be posted to advertise, promote, or publicize an activity, cause, product, or service; also, decorative, mass-produced prints intended for hanging. For small printed notices or advertisements intended for distribution by hand, use "handbills."
-   **[Prints](../../concepts/supertypes/prints.md)**  
Pictorial works produced by transferring images by means of a matrix such as a plate, block, or screen, using any of various printing processes.
-   **[Slides](../../concepts/supertypes/slides.md)**  
An image on film or glass, usually positive, intended to be viewed by means of light passing through the image.

**Parent topic:**[LUX supertype taxonomy](../../concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md)

**Previous topic:**[Datasets](../../concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)

**Next topic:**[Moving Images](../../concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)
