specs/md/concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md, before:

---
author: [tt434, timothy.thompson@yale.edu]
---

# LUX supertype taxonomy

The Linked Art profile of the [CIDOC Conceptual Reference Model \(CRM\)](http://www.cidoc-crm.org/html/5.0.4/cidoc-crm.html) includes a limited number of core classes; these can be refined by referencing terms from a taxonomy or classification scheme. Because record-level entities can be of many types, a *supertype* scheme has been developed for use in LUX.

The LUX supertype scheme is divided into two levels: *types* and *formats*. Types represent the mode of expression of a resource \(textual, visual, audible, etc.\), whereas formats can be thought of as specific instances of a type: for example, a *book* is an instance or format of *textual work*. Some formats, such as *Geospatial Data* are instances of two different types: *Datasets* and *Cartography*.

MARC-to-Linked Art supertype mappings are done at the level of the most specific format, with type and broader format relations inferred from the hierarchy.



1.  [Collection formats](../../concepts/supertypes/collectionformats.md)  

2.  [AudioFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/audioformats.md)  

3.  [CartographicFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/cartographicformats.md)  

4.  [DataFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)  

5.  [ImageFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md)  

6.  [MovingImageFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)  

7.  [NotationFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/notationformats.md)  

8.  [ObjectFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/objectformats.md)  

9.  [SoftwareFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/softwareformats.md)  

10. [TextualFormats](../../concepts/supertypes/textualformats.md)  


**Parent topic:**[Record-level entities](../../concepts/record_level_entities.md)

**Next topic:**[Related title entities](../../tasks/titles/related_title_entities.md)

Commit message:

Add content/carrier spec; finish supertypes.

specs/md/concepts/supertypes/supertypes.md, after:

---
author: [tt434, timothy.thompson@yale.edu]
---

# LUX supertype taxonomy

The Linked Art profile of the [CIDOC Conceptual Reference Model \(CRM\)](http://www.cidoc-crm.org/html/5.0.4/cidoc-crm.html) includes a limited number of core classes; these can be refined by referencing terms from a taxonomy or classification scheme. Because record-level entities can be of many types, a *supertype* scheme has been developed for use in LUX.

The LUX supertype scheme is divided into two levels: *types* and *formats*. Types represent the mode of expression of a resource \(textual, visual, audible, etc.\), whereas formats can be thought of as specific instances of a type: for example, a *Book* is an instance or format of *Textual Works*. Some formats, such as *Geospatial Data* are instances of two different types: *Datasets* and *Cartography*.

MARC-to-Linked Art supertype mappings are done at the level of the most specific format, with type and broader format relations inferred from the hierarchy.



1.  [Collections](../../concepts/supertypes/collectionformats.md)  
“Accumulated groups of objects or materials having a focal characteristic and that have been brought together by an individual or organization. A collection comprises multiple items that are conceptually or physically arranged together for the purpose of cataloging or retrieval” \([AAT](http://www.getty.edu/vow/AATFullDisplay?find=&logic=AND&note=&subjectid=300025976)\).
2.  [Audio](../../concepts/supertypes/audioformats.md)  

3.  [Cartography](../../concepts/supertypes/cartographicformats.md)  
Any materials representing, in whole or part, the earth or any celestial body at any scale.
4.  [Datasets](../../concepts/supertypes/dataformats.md)  

5.  [Visual Works](../../concepts/supertypes/imageformats.md)  

6.  [Moving Images](../../concepts/supertypes/movingimageformats.md)  

7.  [Scores and Notation](../../concepts/supertypes/notationformats.md)  

8.  [Objects](../../concepts/supertypes/objectformats.md)  

9.  [Software and Electronic Media](../../concepts/supertypes/softwareformats.md)  

10. [Textual Works](../../concepts/supertypes/textualformats.md)  
Content represented as words in a particular language, and/or the objects carrying that content.

**Parent topic:**[Record-level entities](../../concepts/record_level_entities.md)

**Next topic:**[Content and carriers](../../tasks/content_and_carriers.md)
